## Contributing

Thank you for showing interest in contributing to VeloxVM! We
appreciate all different kinds of contributions to the project,
including reporting errors, developing software, writing
documentation, and helping other users.

### Reporting Errors

Errors are preferably reported using the [Issue
Tracker](https://github.com/nvt/veloxvm/issues). Please observe that
this tracker is _not_ for support questions!

### Developing Software

All software contributions can be submitted as [Pull
Requests](https://github.com/nvt/veloxvm/pulls) (PRs) on GitHub. In
particular, we encourage people who report errors through the Issue
Tracker to also submit a corresponding source code fix as a PR.

New great features, such as support for a new programming language, a
compiler optimization, or perhaps a new instruction, are very
welcome. We advise developers to discuss such features on the Issue
Tracker or by mail correspondence before beginning the effort to
implement them, so as to be sure that there is sufficient interest to
merge them into the main source repository.

### Writing Documentation

Documentation updates can be made both in the main source repository
and in project wikis and web sites. In the former case, the updates
should be submitted as pull requests and undergo the same review
process as software modifications. In the latter case, the maintainer
of such wikis and web sites should be contacted instead.

### Review Process

Contributions that are submitted as pull requests will be reviewed by
at least one person in the Review Team, who takes the decision to
either accept or reject the pull request. If the reviewer requests
changes to a pull request, the submitter has one month to make those
changes, or the PR will be rejected. In case of a major change, this
time limit may be extended if so requested. The Review Team consists
of experienced developers who are appointed to the team by the project
leader.

## Authors

### Founder and project leader

Nicolas Tsiftes <nicolas.tsiftes@ri.se>, RISE SICS

### Contributors

Niclas Finne <niclas.finne@ri.se>, RISE SICS: Improvements of the Contiki port.

## Review Team

Nicolas Tsiftes <nicolas.tsiftes@ri.se>, RISE SICS
